Update `sendFIL` in JS console (#2841)
ChainSafe/forest: documentation/src/js_console.md

- `isPeerConnected(peerID)`
- `showWallet()`
- `showSyncStatus()`

> - `sendFIL(to, amount)` (default amount units are FIL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sendFIL(to, amount)` (default amount unit is FIL)
```
